Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to go over some things some people have had questions concerning our ministry and why we're named what we're named and all things like that.
So, we want to clear some things up because we've had some emails.
Some are not so nice.
People are pretty upset about things being, you know, sister clipboards or whatever you want to call them because they don't understand.
But Diana wants to explain the foundation part of our name.
We are not a foundation, for sure.
I want you to know that we are not a foundation.
We picked the name because prayer is a foundation, but we're an online church, and so the Prayer Changes Things Foundation is an online church if you see that in the description that we put in there.
We have weekly online services, and so under US federal law, churches are automatically recognized as tax-exempt under section 501(c)(3) of the IRS and are not required to apply for formal recognition.
So, we have an EIN and all of that, but we don't have to do what some of the more...
like Joseph Z's ministry has a board and all.
There are more requirements and stuff that they all do, but churches are also specifically exempt from the Form 990 filing requirement under the Internal Revenue Code 6033A 3 AI.
So, everything we've done—I want to say this because people want to know because it's tax season—everything we have done, we have gone through lawyers.
We have gone through people that have set it up that have been professional.
My wife has a Master's degree in accounting.
So, a lot of times you say, 'Well, Brandon, how come Diana is not on the broadcast today?
' I want to tell you this—and we don't tell our business to everybody about everything—but she has a Master's degree in accounting and in business.
She graduated top of her class.
I was proud of her.
I wanted to show her awards.
She got her Summa Cum Laude awards.
She got all her awards from ORU.
She got her degree in accounting.
She is very educated, and she graduated top of her class as she got awards and everything.
So, I want you to know a lot of times it's not that she is trying to avoid prayer with everybody.
Why is Diana not here?
How come she doesn't want to be a part?
She's working a full-time job.
She's very educated.
She's been working at this for years.
And I didn't want her to give up her career of what she was doing, selling on eBay and Poshmark and doing the things that she has done for this.
We don't depend on the ministry for finances.
My wife works full-time.
I do YouTube.
We have a ministry property.
The ministry has purchased a ministry property.
That's different.
I'm going to be straight up front with you.
That is totally different.
We did buy a ministry property.
So, it's not shocking and all.
When you have as much coming through, when you have this many people coming through, money flows through here.
And I'm going to tell you this: I have never taken a vow of poverty.
I'm not afraid of what I have.
I'm not ashamed of what I have.
I'm going to tell you this: I was instructed by the FBI to get a safe haven for me and my family because I've had threats on my life all the time on a consistent basis.
Where we were at our old house, we have people showing up knocking on our door.
And I'm going to tell you this: when you have an audience like we do and the people that hate us as much as they do, I just want to tell you, I have to protect my family.
Now, we have attorneys.
We've had to hire full-time security.
We're having to look into full-time security to have to watch over me because of the incidents, but because of what I've been told by the sheriff's department, local law enforcement, and the FBI, I must provide protection for my family because of these threats, and they tell me they're legitimate.
Now, I try to be as transparent as I can.
I try not to tell where my address is and things like that because I have people that have tried to physically hurt me.
So, if you think, 'Well, Brandon, you're secretive,' you don't understand Charlie Kirk was real.
Do you understand that?
So, when I feel a need and I feel it in my spirit to leave and go stay in a hotel that night, it's because the Lord's warning me to.
I've had crazy people stay at IHOP for seven days demanding me to give them a word, and they thought they had a word, and they shaved their heads to look just like me and drive around the same place as I have.
I have nuts follow us.
And I'm just being quite frank; I don't ever talk about it.
We don't talk about all this stuff, but there's a lot of emails and there's been a lot of hate lately about what I do with my life.
And I don't tell you everything because I'm trying to keep my family safe, okay?
There are a lot of people that hate me.
Yes.
And you have no idea what happens behind closed doors and the conversations that I have strictly with...
Should I say that?
No.
Yeah, some of the people that I contact are in direct contact with the President of the United States of America.
The messages that I deliver are received by the White House.
I've told you I have been invited to the White House more than once, and I have turned it down every single time.
I'm trying to tell you all, I don't try to come on here and be all haughty and say, 'Look at me.
' It's not about Brandon.
But people look at accuracy, and whenever they see things that you don't know that they know and they say, 'How did you find this out?
' So they say, 'How did you know this?
' I've been asked that many times.
'How did you know this?
Do you have somebody on the inside?
' I said, 'No, it's all Jesus.
' And I have to explain to law enforcement quite often.
I want you to know I do this all for Him.
I told you as soon as He tells me to turn this channel off, I'll ride away in the sunset.
There's nothing you can give me, honest to God, that my wife hasn't worked eight years for a degree and is very good at it.
The same with me; I could do other things to help out around the house.
I raised dogs.
I raised all these things.
We did this because the Lord asked us to do it.
Yes.
And it hasn't been easy.
It hasn't been easy.
And there's people that say I'm a false prophet.
You say I'm fake.
I'm all these things.
That's on you.
I don't care what you really think.
Whenever the rubber meets the road and you see, and I'm standing before my King, I'll be held accountable by Him.
If I've led anybody astray by any words I give, I take it very seriously.
This is a very heavy responsibility.
Nobody will understand the pressure that I'm under on a 99% basis and crying myself to sleep because of the pressure.
I want you to understand.
We come back on here with a smile on our face.
I'm always transparent.
I don't tell you where I live on purpose because there are crazy people trying to hurt me.
Do you understand?
Now, people want to try to expose me and say, 'Hey, this is where he's at.
This is where he's at.
' I have to buy another house.
I have to do this.
I have to get away.
Hey, listen.
I have...
the Lord has blessed my wife.
We're blessed.
So, like I said, I'm not trying to take anything from you all.
If you want to bless my family, that's on you.
That's on you.
But like I said, the Lord said go on YouTube and ask them for nothing.
Nothing.
And over the...
it's like one of the things I want to say this.
When XRP was at 12 cents—and I'll say this, this is the only thing—I was buying.
He tells me when to buy and he tells me when to sell.
He tells me when silver's going up.
He tells me when it crashes.
I hear him very well, but I don't brag and I don't try to flex.
People see it around the church and people get mad and they get jealous.
Everything that I'm telling you is the truth, but I'm transparent about it.
We're very transparent.
I have nothing to hide from you.
I have nothing to gain from you.
I do these videos and I do all this for the glory of God.
So, I wanted to make that very clear tonight.
There's people that are very angry and I've gotten the emails and I say, 'Hey, man.
We never asked you for a dime.
I've never tried to solicit you.
I don't sell books.
I don't try to sell books.
' I have been offered to put ads—like to make an ad on live—$100,000 a month to do ads and do things for this one company.
And I told them no.
The Lord said no.
All I had to do was just do a little segment and put it on all my channels throughout all the world.
I have seven channels—eight now.
Put them on all those channels at the beginning for just a two-minute segment and they give me $100,000 a month.
My flesh wanted to take that money.
I'm not going to lie to you.
I was like, 'That's over a million dollars a year.
Of course, we'll do it.
' And Diana goes, 'You took a vow to God.
You will not take that money.
We will not take that money.
' Then I had a businessman fly in from Japan who told me he would let me fly around in his private jet for free and give me hundreds of thousands of dollars to be his friend and give him financial advice and things.
I do not give financial advice to anyone.
We fear God more than people realize.
They don't know us.
It is everything.
This life goes away.
But when we get to heaven, a lot of people put so much into what they feel like they can do on earth.
But it's really about what we can do.
What we are doing now is affecting our eternity for the kingdom.
And I take it very seriously, very, very seriously, to work for the Lord, to do what we're doing.
And I'm behind the scenes just doing what I've done for years, just doing my eBay and Poshmark.
Done this for a long time—at least a decade.
Over a decade.
So, and taxes, things that you can do.
You do understand when you have a master's degree, why you don't let it die.
She worked.
She went to school for forever—over eight years.
And I told her, I said, 'I'm not asking you to give up your education to do this.
If God calls you to come beside me, that's fine, baby.
I understand.
We don't want what we've done for years that has provided for us to die.
' So, I want to make that clear.
She homeschools and does the things that we do.
It's a lot.
But Diana is a full-time working person plus homeschools.
And then she sends out thank you letters to the people that have blessed us and says, 'Listen, she writes every single one of them out by hand.
' She writes it and she does things and she goes, 'Brandon, I feel like they deserve a thank you.
' I said, 'Diana, you don't have time for this.
People—I just think y'all are so kind.
There's so many people that just love us and just love what we're doing for God.
' And it's all many hands on deck as we're doing this final push, as he's coming so soon.
And there's such an urgency of the hour.
I know people say, 'Well, they've been saying he's going to come back for so long,' but he is coming so soon.
And I take it very seriously that I'll take any load I can off of him so that he can keep going, so we can keep going for the Lord.
We do it all for the Lord.
I'd give everything away.
It doesn't matter.
Nothing matters to me.
It's just keeping on course and finishing this race and doing it with everything we have so that we can stand before our king and go, 'We did our best we could.
I tried my best,' you know?
And I can see, you know, we believe every day Megan's going to get healed.
But one day, I know for sure there's going to be a day—if it's not here, it's there.
So now I have to hire full-time security that's going to cost me over $100,000 a year because I have idiots that want to know where I live.
And I said, 'Well, I knew it was coming.
The Lord told me: I'm going to make you a household name.
' He said, 'You're going to be known all around the world and it's happening.
' And he said, 'And in doing so, like Oral Roberts had to have security 24/7 and other ministries, you will have to also.
' So I've already looked into it today.
I'm telling you, it's going to cost me a ton of money, but it is what it is, and it's part of the price of doing what God's called me to do.
So, I'll have an armed guard continually at my home.
That sucks, but it is what it is.
And he'll travel with me to services so maybe I'll start going to other people's ministries because I'll have security now.
You know, I thought I could start taking preaching engagements and not have to worry if the church has security anymore because I'll have somebody—ex-military is what I'm looking into.
And having this ex-military 24/7, seven days a week around me and my wife and my kids because of the threats I get.
So, I appreciate your prayers.
I truly do.
It has been very hard.
I never knew some of the things that I would say would bring up so much hatred by so many different groups of people that are not playing around when it comes to your life.
I didn't realize, you know, when you see politicians get their lives threatened and you see John Hagee in the past—the guy missed him six times, shooting at him and all the things.
This stuff's real.
Charlie Kirk's real.
And there comes a point in time where the world doesn't understand the value of life and just having a man just doing what he's called to do, praying online with thousands and hundreds of thousands every time I do this—hundreds of thousands of people worldwide.
This is so much more than I ever dreamed: the pressure and the responsibility of it.
Making sure you're not flaky and making sure you're accurate so that you represent him well.
And the week that we've had and the last two weeks we've had, it has been really rough.
But I give all glory and honor because he said you'll be persecuted for the word's sake.
And then he warned me.
He said, 'The one person who's persecuting you, Brandon, will be dead within 16 months.
' And he warned me about it.
And I said, 'Lord, spare their life.
Protect them.
' He said they've opened a door and because of this door, they're going to be gone in 16 months.
And I don't know what that means, but I've been interceding for them all day long.
Praying for these people, praying for the people who persecute.
Like I said, we love you.
We forgive people.
We're not holding a grudge towards anyone.
We have a child with special needs.
We do all these things and Diana, like I said, works her tail end off.
I'm thankful for all the people who like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and I'm thankful for YouTube.
They pay me well for all the ads and it's been, like I said, I do that and I go, 'Hey, man, Lord, you've taken care of things.
' It is what it is.
I have seven channels.
Each one gets tens of thousands of views.
It's all because he's blessed it.
And when we got monetized on X, I was shocked.
And when it's time for us to go off YouTube, if he ever tells us to, when I was monetized on Facebook and X, I was shocked.
I really was because it takes a lot to get monetized on X.
It's hard.
But he pays me every month now—Elon.
And I go, 'Hey, it's all glory to God.
' "I'm just being transparent with you.
" It is what it is.
I just wanted to be very upfront with everybody because I truly have nothing to hide.
I hide things from you, like a house or whatever, for the protection of my kids because of the threats I've had on my life.
Other than that, if I didn't have kids, I'd put it all up.
I don't care.
You can come to my house and have tea; I have nothing to hide.
We work our rears off.
Come over and have a glass of tea.
But when you have crazies coming up in here saying, "Hey, we have guns and we want to hurt you," you go, "Well, that's probably not a good idea.
" So now I have to have security.
God bless it, I don't want people around my wife and me all the time.
I'm very private, and having a bodyguard is going to be very awkward.
But as of this week, things have changed, so we have to have a bodyguard.
We appreciate y'all.
We really do.
We love you.
So, let's pray.
Now, how was that?
I tried to clear it up and be as transparent as I could tonight because of the emails we've gotten today over the last couple of days.
That's where you go for that.
Let's see some of the things we've had in the news.
I wanted you to show me about another thing people say: "Why do you have this?
" This is for entertainment purposes only because I was instructed to by my attorney.
Anything I say is for entertainment purposes only.
He said you have to put that underneath there.
Bo Polny and all these other people have it on there, and he showed me.
I have three attorneys.
They all say the same thing, so I do exactly what I've been told to do.
Is that what people want to say?
"Well, are you doing it for entertainment or is this prophetic?
" Brother, it is what I was instructed to do by law.
There are crazy people out there.
So just letting you know.
I mean, I try, like I said—why do you have certain things?
Why do you do this?
Why do you do that?
This is it.
This is real.
But I wanted to show you her awards and that Diana is a hardworking person; she has her master's.
And so, like I said, I'm never going to apologize for what we have—our cars, anything—never, because we work our rears off for it.
Look at this right here; I want to show you these earthquakes.
Do you see this?
The FBI warns police in California that Iran wants to retaliate for US attacks by launching drones against the West Coast.
According to an alert viewed by ABC, this is exactly what I tried to tell you all.
They were going to use drones; I've said it over and over.
Every single time I see the drones coming into the stadiums in baseball, they had explosive devices on these drones and they ignited them.
This is exactly what I saw: drones, but they were from Amazon.
Number two, what the Lord showed us: this right here is Italy, and these are the earthquakes that have happened just in the month of March.
Look at where they all were.
A very strong magnitude 6.
0 earthquake struck near Naples, Italy, shortly after midnight on March 10th, 2026.
This is the strongest earthquake to hit this part of Italy in more than 63 years.
The last quake of equal or greater strength near the same area was a magnitude 7.
0 earthquake on March 28th, 1963.
See that?
They're bubbling all around Italy.
And the Lord said specifically, even in the last video, "Remember, this is what the Lord showed us clear back then.
" Go back and watch.
Can we watch that video again?
"A very strong magnitude 6.
0 earthquake struck near Naples, Italy, shortly after midnight on March 10th, 2026.
This is the strongest earthquake to hit this part of Italy in more than 63 years.
The last quake of equal or greater strength near the same area was a magnitude 7.
0 earthquake on March 28th, 1963.
" That's what the Lord warned us was going to start to manifest all over Italy.
And the Lord said, "Before the big one in the water"—and if we look at what we saw coming out of the water, I saw over 300,000 people will perish on the coastline.
He said, "I'll give signs that the earthquakes take place right before all of it starts to break forth.
There'll be a lot of little tremors.
It'll get very active.
" And that was in the video last time, so Braden brought it out.
Now, when I told you I saw—not financial advice—a certain figure of what they would try to get to concerning a barrel of oil.
The Lord said I saw it breaking $100.
It would go to $150 in the vision.
In my opinion, it went to 150 and teetered almost to 200 bucks.
It didn't break it, but it got really close.
It started to shoot up.
And the Lord said, "It doesn't last very long.
This assignment and all that is going on with the Strait doesn't last very long.
It only lasts for a window.
" And then you'll hear President Trump come out with a plan in the future where he'll say, "Drill, baby, drill.
" They'll say there's oil in the Mediterranean outside of Gaza, and Israel will start to drill oil in Gaza and the area, and they will bring forth a lot of money.
I saw a pocket of oil that was strategically placed there by the Lord with oil and gas.
I saw that gas would go well over $8 a gallon.
It would shoot up like a rocket.
So now we see this joker, whoever this guy is—he's from Iran.
Play this video.
"$200 a barrel of oil because the price of oil depends...
" I'll read the subtitles as it comes across the screen.
"You must understand that you will not be able to artificially lower the price of oil and energy with the expansion of war in the region.
We have announced that you should prepare for $200 per barrel because the price of oil depends on security in the region and you are the source of insecurity.
" The Iranians obviously want it.
Isn't that interesting?
They want $200 a barrel.
But I saw Israel attacking all of their oil wells and that they would cause great havoc in the Hormuz, whatever it's called, in the Strait.
And today they struck oil tankers.
This is what I saw.
I saw in the vision that they would halt shipments coming out of that area because insurance companies would be freaked out and say, "Listen, we're going to hold off on shipping things right now.
" Well, today they're blowing up the oil tankers and putting water mines out there.
It's happening just like the Lord said.
Now, I saw gas lines.
I saw the 1970s gas shortage happen suddenly, and people would wake up one morning, and in certain states—I'm not saying it's nationwide—there would be gas lines over a mile or two miles long.
Then the Lord said, "Pray over our oil and gas factories.
" President Trump stuns the world by announcing a $300 billion deal.
For the first time in 50 years, we are opening a US oil refinery.
Drill, baby, drill.
That's what the Lord said.
And I saw a great wealth coming out of this.
And this is concerning Venezuela and other nations in the days ahead.
You want me to read that?
No.
Okay.
I think it's interesting.
You know, here we are with all these things coming to pass, and we've been talking about it for well over a year now, praying over this, and we see it in the news now.
What the Lord showed us it will be in Brownsville, Texas.
So, I saw to pray over Tuttle, Oklahoma.
I saw to pray over Louisiana.
This has been going on.
When was the last—how long was that?
Two weeks ago when the Lord showed us to pray over that, and I saw seven men perish.
The shock wave was so big, and they made it look like it was an accident, but I saw this event taking place.
I don't think you were in here that night.
Yeah, I was.
You were.
I saw a major event.
It was on March the 8th.
March the 8th.
I saw Louisiana, Tuttle, and Houston oil refineries, that they were a target.
Remember that?
So, we see Iran threatening all these things.
Now, this is California today.
Now, that doesn't surprise me because Gavin Newsom's nuts, but $8.
21 a gallon for regular unleaded.
Now, when we start seeing that in Oklahoma, what if we do?
I pray we don't.
Or Texas.
What will that be like?
People are going to be upset.
I think California is kind of used to it.
But that's a lot of money for a gallon of gas in California.
Eight bucks—you ain't driving around praying over your city that much for that.
We're going to make one lap.
We'll pray a little bit.
Here we go.
We're going to go home and pray.
Believe God for more.
No SUV for that.
We need the electric car now.
Yeah, Elon Musk, where you at?
And get a CyberTruck.
But we see that.
And then President Trump said about the terrorists in the nation.
He said that—I want to see you sent that to me—but baby, yes.
Do you have it?
Do you want me to send it back to you?
Did you send it to me on your laptop, son?
Yeah, I thought it was my laptop.
Yes, it was on your laptop.
You sent it to me and you said, 'Daddy, I want you to see this.
' What President Trump said tonight?
Isn't Braden awesome?
He tries hard.
He got him a new camera.
He's been practicing.
He's trying so hard.
He's been taking his classes, learning how to do photography.
He said he enjoyed his last class.
He went for half an afternoon, learned quite a bit.
He said the guy who taught him was really educated.
So yeah, I got him a camera today.
Go ahead.
Right now, there could be Iran sleeper cells inside the US.
A lot of people came in through Biden with this stupid open border.
But we know where most of them are.
We've got our eye on all of them.
They came in through the open border policies of sleepy Joe Biden, one of the worst presidents in the history of our country.
True.
And we've got our eyes on all of them.
But the war itself is being prosecuted at a level that nobody's seen before.
Any Iran sleeper cells there could be...
Yeah, so do you think he's going to come out and say we don't know where any of them are, just let you all know you're in trouble?
I just let you know we've been trying to find these guys, and they're hiding in their apartments somewhere, and we don't know.
We know where five of them are, but we just want to let you know we don't know where the other ten are.
Do you think he's going to say that?
I'm just wondering how is he supposed to answer the question.
What kind of dumb question was that?
I'm just saying.
No, they don't know where they are.
Not all of them.
If they did, why don't you have them?
Why are they not in handcuffs?
Why are we watching them, right?
If you know they're going to blow up somebody, why aren't the FBI knocking on their door, sir?
Well, we need probable cause.
Anybody who's trying to blow us up is probable cause, sir.
Go get them.
I don't understand.
So, I'm going to be real with you.
No, we don't know where they are because every time I pray, the Lord tells me to pray and that we need to find them.
Joe Biden is the problem.
The Democratic Party is the problem.
They're the ones that let these people in with open borders.
And I'm telling you, they're here by the thousands.
I know for a fact.
I won't say thousands, but by a thousand.
And we need to raise up this prayer warrior group tonight and pray for them to be found and brought to justice and for the Strait of Hormuz, or whatever this is.
Why don't they just call it the Strait of Something and be something easy?
I don't know.
It had to be some kind of dumb name.
I don't know what it is.
But I say we've got to find this and we've got to stop this.
We do not want gas wars.
We do not want lines down the road.
I'm believing God for the crypto legislation to be...
the Stability and Crypto Act to come to pass through Congress in the next couple of days and the weeks ahead.
And believe God that things will be brought to an open door like this straight line of growth to be in the new industrial revolution concerning our finances of this nation for a window for the harvest for the people.
That's what I'm believing God for.
So you keep believing.
You keep standing when all there else to do is stand.
You stand therefore.
You don't be moved by what you see on the news.
I am believing for a great wealth transfer concerning these investments that it will happen for the people.
We'd have to have it to get the job done.
It's like with the churches: they want to build youth buildings and they want to build nice places for the youth together.
It costs hundreds of thousands of dollars if not a million or more to build good buildings.
You don't want to build trash where you go down and you have a straight-line wind that blows things down.
A roof comes off by nothing because you didn't build it right.
Well, we're just trying to scrap back, get by as barely as what we could, brother.
We got this old pinball machine from Goodwill.
You want good stuff.
We want to represent the king.
Well, when you come to your church and you have stuff, you don't say, 'Well, he's the one that got the hand-me-down.
' Some of those old pinball machines are worth a lot.
Okay.
Bad example.
You can find it at Goodwill, like a Skeeball machine, whatever.
Speaking through the one that you had to rig to put a blower on it through a vacuum cleaner, blowing out the other end and blowing up the foosball table because you didn't have a real motor on it.
There you go.
I took it to the next level.
I tried.
Or you know, you created a ping-pong table out of a piece of plywood and a makeshift net that the ladies in the church crocheted.
How about that?
That's a really awesome net, though.
Okay.
I tried.
I love crochet.
Let me think of it.
Let me get a garbage bag or chicken wire.
Okay, there you go.
You made a foosball table out of chicken wire.
Not foosball table, ping-pong.
You got the net up there and it's chicken wire.
I don't know.
I try.
Well, we love you all.
Let's pray.
All right.
I'm sorry if I come across cranky.
I don't want to always let my emotions fly.
People, I try, like I said, in my transparency, even with people at the church.
I'm probably too open.
Maybe I am, maybe I'm not.
I don't have any other pastors that do what we do and try to just really be real with y'all with our lives, with our problems, with stuff, and just try to be so real that you realize we're just people just like you are.
There's so many people who try to treat us like celebrities.
Oh man, I'm so over Hollywood church stuff.
Don't you?
God uses me and he'll use you.
I'm going to be real with you.
Brandon Biggs has issues.
Yeah, you can ask my family, my mom and dad.
Call them up.
They'll tell you.
They go, 'Hey, you know what?
Brandon puts his clothes on just like you all do.
' I just told the Lord, 'Yes.
' I said, 'Yes, I'll clean your bathrooms.
' I was a janitor for 15 years.
I'll clean your toilets.
I'm not a janitor anymore, but I remember it.
I was the one that cleaned the airplane.
I'm the one that cleaned the cars.
I was the one that did all those things and cleaned carpets for big mega-ministries and did it all.
I worked at parsonages for big ministries and did it all.
I got to see people whenever nobody else was watching, and I learned a lot.
But I'm going to tell you this: with all that I learned spiritually and how I've pressed in, I missed the mark so many times and I fall in His grace.
'God, help me.
Forgive me.
I need you.
I can't do this anymore.
' It's like today and yesterday, the day before—so many days you wake up and you go, 'Is today the day that I quit this?
' and keep praying with these people when you have threats against your life?
You have these things and you go, 'Is this really what you want me to do?
' And He said, 'Yes, I didn't tell you it'd be easy.
I told you you would be persecuted and people would hate you.
If the world loves you, Brandon, you're not doing it right.
' I just didn't realize there would be so many brothers and sisters in the body of Christ in the church, waiting to cut your throat and be jealous of where God's brought you.
And I didn't do any of this.
I'm just being real.
I just said yes.
I started doing videos.
I started praying with y'all.
I see things of the Lord, and I've been doing this since I was 16 years old.
You can ask my mom and dad.
I've been doing this since I was 16 years old when I was demonically oppressed.
I had eight demons.
They tried to take me to the insane asylum as a young man.
Mom and dad didn't know what to do with me.
I physically tried to hurt my mother several times.
I did a lot of things that I wasn't proud of, but Jesus set me free.
Jesus set me free.
And yeah, I still deal with things.
I still wake up every day and deal with things and read my Bible and pray and deal with stuff.
Brandon Biggs is a work in progress.
But the Lord asked me, 'Will you help me?
Will you do these things?
' I say, 'Yes.
' 'Will you give this money away?
' 'Yes.
' 'Will you help build this church?
Will you help me do this?
' And every single time, I've always said yes.
I've never told Him no, even whenever my flesh didn't want to do it.
We stayed at the rat shack house—800 square feet with a hole in the floor with mold all in it, to the point it made me sick and I coughed.
You don't understand.
We had bad mold in that home.
It was bad.
All five of us.
All five of us breathing in that mold year in and year out because the floor was rotten.
Do you have an old picture of that old house?
I wanted to show them our old house right here.
You can see that I lived right here for 20 years.
Now you say, 'Well, that looks nice.
' I did the best I had with what I had.
Do you see it?
Twenty years.
My little girl shared a bedroom with me.
She lived on the top bunk while Diana was on the bottom bunk for 20 years.
Yeah, we were on the bottom and she was on the top because we didn't have enough rooms.
That was the bed.
That was the bunk bed.
See the bunk bed?
It took up the whole room.
That's what we stayed on.
My wife and I slept on the bottom and my little girl had the top.
When I'm telling you stuff, I ain't making it up.
The board on the ceiling was for my special needs daughter so she could swing.
After we had our third child, we didn't have a place to put her, so we put her on top and she is on that board.
But I'm going to tell you, God brought us a long way.
He told us how to invest, He taught us how to do things, and we've been faithful with what He's told us to do.
Show them the bathroom.
When I tell you the floor's falling in, it was falling through.
Right there.
Show it.
Look, I had to put makeshift boards on the floor because it fell through.
That's poverty.
We spent 20 years there.
The floor fell through, so I had to put boards there because it was messed up, but I didn't have the money to fix it at the time.
Diana was going through college.
I want to show you where Jesus visited me.
That right there.
Jesus came.
When I told you Jesus visited me that night, He visited me where that washing machine is.
There's a dishwasher on the side there.
That's where Jesus came and stood.
And you see, I didn't cover the tile with the wood floor because it was special to me because the tile cracked where Jesus stood.
And I stood there and I wept because He came and visited me.
I was at that sink doing dishes right there.
I put those shelves up because we had no place to put our groceries.
And I stood in there and I did that year after year.
So when I tell you I come from nothing, it's real.
You say, 'Well, that looks nice compared to what I have.
' Well, I did the best I could with what I had.
I fixed it.
I wasn't a good carpenter; you can tell the lights are even crooked.
We painted the cabinets ourselves.
I painted it.
And so Diana started eBay there, and she started everything we have.
And we worked our ears off and we saved back.
We saved back some more because the Bible tells us, 'Owe no man anything but to love him.
' Sorry, I'm tired tonight, y'all.
You're done.
I don't want to show him any more.
It's embarrassing.
You know, when you look at that, you go, 'My God, we're just transparent.
' It's real.
Twenty years.
Oh, Jesus used to visit me in here.
I used to sit in here on the floor.
I want you to look at that.
Just being real with you.
You see, Jesus visited me in here.
That's where I raised the dog from the dead.
The dog was dead in the room.
And I had my washing machine.
There was an old cabinet behind there and I tore it out because I needed room.
And so, I'm just being real with y'all, that's where Jesus raised the dog from the dead.
Poverty.
All three of our kids were born there.
But Diana made it through college.
And we got through it, didn't we?
Making minimum wage.
I made less than $17,000 a year after taxes.
But God, but God.
So people are going to hate whatever they want to do, but they don't know where you come from and what you sow to get there.
God's always good and God is always faithful.
But I'm trying to tell you, don't give up on your dreams because right now, like I said, I have seven channels and we minister to people all around the world on a day-to-day basis.
It's not us; no, it's Him.
We had over 225 salvations this last video.
Isn't that wonderful?
But when you listen to Him and you're faithful and you're a consistent tither—we tithed even when we didn't have it.
We weren't doing what we wanted to; we were forced to tithe.
We tithed even when we didn't want to because if we didn't tithe, they fired us.
We tithed even off of what we had, and if you didn't tithe, they fired you.
We didn't have enough to pay our bills after we tithed, and we did it for thirteen years.
We tithed and tithed.
When you're consistent with your tithe—because your boss forces you to tithe—we learned how to tithe.
It's because of that we learned.
And the Lord will bless your hands.
That's why I try to tell you all that you have tithers' rights.
I believe with all my heart that God will bless you in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
When you come from nothing, if you give Him your finances and you give and you sow regardless, He'll bring you out of nothing.
He'll give you an idea.
And it all started when Diana said, 'I'll go to college.
I'll get my master's.
It will take us through this.
' And I thought she was never going to.
She went to night school while I watched the kids.
I cried myself to sleep.
I remember every night I'd say, 'Lord, I don't know how I'm going to get all this done today: all the homework, all the essays I had to write.
' Because she was working full-time and after she got off work, she would go to school until the wee hours in the morning and then come home and do her homework; some nights she'd get only two hours of sleep.
She did that for years.
Then she'd get up the next day and go to work all day long and do things for the church.
Both of us—I watched the kids while she was going to school and we worked our butts off to get where we got.
Finally, after eight years, I'll never forget when she said, 'Honey, I'm finished my last class.
' She graduated, and when she graduated summa cum laude, she was top of her class.
I looked at her and said, 'My God, it's really over.
We don't have to do school all night and I can spend time with you and talk.
' After eight years, I felt like I hardly knew her anymore because she did it all weekend long; she was doing full-time school.
Megan's therapies and everything cost a lot.
Well, that was me; I was doing that with all I had, watching her and taking her to things while you were doing school.
I'd go by myself.
But I always want to present this stuff to you—it's not a sob story; it's our story.
Well, when I walked across that stage, I felt like He walked across it with me.
I was like, 'He's the one that helped me get it.
' The dean of ORU laid hands on her.
I couldn't go in with her to her dinner because they were celebrating her because she got summa cum laude and she had to go in by herself because Megan was so bad at that time.
I sat out in the car with Megan.
Diana was pregnant—I didn't know it.
Actually, you weren't pregnant yet.
You walked in and the man said, 'I don't know who you are, but the Lord told me to give you a word.
I'm supposed to lay hands on you.
You're called to the nations.
You're going to be a prophetic voice to the nations.
You and your husband are going to walk in a great call in the end times and you're going to lead many to Jesus.
' So he laid hands on her, and I remember sitting there when she came out and said, 'Brandon, I got a prophetic word from the dean.
' I said, 'What?
Oh, I wish I could have been there.
' So she told me all about it.
But I was sitting out with Megan in the car, and I was so excited that we got that prophetic word.
It gave me hope because Megan was struggling at that time.
She wouldn't wear clothes and she used to wear diapers all the time.
She used to take her clothes off whenever she got in the car.
She didn't like the texture—the way it felt on her.
You guys have no idea; she's come so far.
It's been little by little.
We were so excited the day she started wearing clothes because the texture of the clothes on her skin made her freak out.
It was bad.
But just saying, every single thing you go through along the way—like we always try to talk to you a little bit before we pray—I want to give you hope that if God can take somebody that had nothing and do what He's done with me and with her, God can do it with anybody.
You just have to be faithful in your giving.
You have to be faithful in what God's called you to do.
Be faithful to your church.
Wherever you go to church, honor that pastor.
Tithe there, give there.
Bless them; help him.
You say, 'Well, I'm only able to do this.
' Well, I believe with all my heart that God stretches your dollar.
I know because I lived it.
We were on food stamps, but we made it.
We made it through.
And you get to the end of your whole journey and you have memories to tell of your faith journey.
It's adventures in faith, journeys in faith.
That's what Diana and I were.
We lived a hard time with Megan.
I know there's a lot of you that have lost children and you go, 'Brandon, what's your sob story?
I lost my kid.
My kid passed away.
You still have your daughter.
' It felt like a death to us every day.
It felt like a death that wouldn't go away.
If you lose a child, you bury them and you grieve them and you still have their memory.
But whenever I woke up to the memory of my daughter never going to live a normal life, it was like facing death every single day in my heart, every birthday.
I'm not trying to knock; I'm trying to tell you what I felt.
I can't imagine losing a child, but it's what it felt like to me.
She turns 21 next week.
Her birthday is March 18th.
I'm so thankful for her.
She's a blessing.
We love her.
Megan has come a long way, but like I said, I try to give you hope because I know I speak to people that live in villages, people that live with barely anything in all parts of the world.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, you look like you got a lot.
' I'm going to tell you this: in America, that's not a lot.
In Oklahoma, we had crack dealers on one side cooking meth in their house.
We had drug busts in front of us and they would get on top of our roof, high as a kite, and throw beers at my dogs.
They'd get on the roof and just jump around in the middle of the night.
I kid you not.
They would throw their whiskey and their crap at my dogs trying to knock them out because they were barking, trying to tell on them that they were in my yard.
I had little dogs I was raising and they would throw those alcohol bottles and they would hit my dogs and I'd have to call the police.
My grandma would be over there because she lived across the street and they'd say, 'Oh my God, the guy's crazy.
He's drunk.
' I said, 'Yeah, don't worry about it; he's stoned.
' But then it was bad when the meth lab exploded next door.
The night it exploded, it scared the poo out of us because it shook our whole house and we could smell them cooking the meth as we had our window open.
We could smell them cooking the meth every night.
We had to shut our window in the fall and the spring because we didn't want it to get hot because our bills were so high, and we couldn't keep our window open because when they're cooking the meth at night, you could smell it coming in our house through the exhaust fan and it made you feel sick.
Meth makes you feel really sick.
As they're cooking it up on the top of the hill, they were doing cracking.
It was so bad when they were making those drugs that the meth lab exploded and the whole house shook.
I'm not kidding.
I'll never forget that.
Then all the police came and went boom.
I was like, 'Good God, what was that?
' It was in the morning.
I asked Grandma, but she didn't hear it.
I said, 'Grandma, did you hear that last night?
' She said, 'No, I didn't hear it.
' I said, 'My God.
' Do you remember Clark?
She wouldn't hear a dump truck go through a nitroglycerin plant.
Clark, what do you say?
'I hear something.
It's a squeaking.
' That's what Grandma does.
She has Alzheimer's and dementia now.
She's really bad now, but she wouldn't hear anything going through a nitroglycerin plant.
'Clark, Grandma, did you hear something?
' 'I didn't hear nothing.
' Truth.
'Did the tornado sirens wake you up, Grandma?
There's a tornado.
' I said, 'Yeah.
' 'You didn't know it?
' 'Yeah.
' 'It went right over the house.
' 'What?
Are you serious?
' I'm like, 'Yeah.
' The Lord bless you, Grandma.
You made it through the night.
We would have woken her up if it got bad, but all glory to Jesus.
Don't give up on your dream.
You may be speaking in front of four and a half million people a week within just a couple of years.
God can do that for you because he did it for me.
I look at what I do right now and all the people that come here, and I'm so thankful for YouTube and the AdSense program.
I'm on their platform.
I try not to dishonor what they've set in their guidelines.
It's changed our life.
I'm so thankful for YouTube and for these things.
It's amazing to see what the Lord has done.
So, it just takes time and you just keep believing, you keep sowing, and you keep giving.
You help your pastor.
You clean the toilets.
I didn't have anything to give.
So, what do you have?
Well, I'll clean a toilet.
I used to repent and say, 'I spent the tithe.
Please don't fire me.
I'll clean extra in here and I'll do whatever.
' So, I would go in there and clean and do things for free or whatever I could do to help out.
You give and you believe and you say, 'God, is that considered okay for today?
' I know I wasn't able to pay all my tithe, Lord, but I donated my time to my grandmother.
I did things that I could to help out.
So when you had a little, you kept going.
That's what we did.
I know it's been over an hour, so are you going to go?
I know she's going to go to work.
I love y'all.
They're both leaving, so somebody has to stay.
I think he has to go to the bathroom.
I don't want to leave y'all here unattended, like y'all need babysitting.
But are y'all liking how it's daylight longer?
It's weird.
I like it personally.
I don't like the part where it's dark in the mornings, but I do like how it stays light later.
I just wish they wouldn't mess with it.
I wish it wouldn't go back.
I know that's how it's always been because of working in the fields and the farmers harvesting and things like that.
It's nice, and spring is here.
All right, I'm done.
I'm just fasting.
I'm on my diet.
Hey y'all, I'm down almost 13 pounds.
I'm trying really hard.
I don't want to be Butterbean anymore.
You look fantastic.
I'm proud of you.
My goal is 80, so we've got a ways to go.
But we're doing it one day at a time.
I keep doing my little things and doing what God's called me to do.
I told Diana, 'wait until I'm lean and mean and green and skinny.
' I'm trying to take care of my flesh.
Got to live long, finish strong.
Thirteen's pretty good so far for the first week and a half.
So, 20, here we come.
My pants are a little looser today.
All right, who wants to pray with me today?
Did you get anything out of that?
Did it encourage you a little bit to see where we come from?
It's not that I feel sorry for Brandon and Diana.
It's trying to show you that if God can do something like that for us who come from nothing, look at what the Lord has done.
He's provided and taken such good care of us.
Thank you for the people who've been so nice to my family.
Thank you for helping support my ministry.
You did that all on your own free will.
You did it because God obviously told you to.
I just always trust him.
You keep doing what you do.
I'm so thankful for the people who have loved on us and said, 'Hey, we want to help you.
We're going to help you, no strings attached.
' They're not asking.
Now, some people do.
Some people want something.
'I'll give you this if you do this.
I want you to come minister.
' I've been offered $10,000 a conference.
'If you minister at these conferences, we'll guarantee you $10,000.
' I don't take it.
I'm not going to merchandise the anointing like that.
I've learned that people try to throw around money because they try to entice you with it.
No, that's not what the Lord tells me to do.
I'm going to sit behind this little green screen and pray with y'all.
I'm not trying to expose who these people are; that's between them and God.
But there's so much merchandise and materialism, trying to solicit people with big platforms.
It's very sad, but I just stay true to who I am.
If you don't like me, you don't like me.
I've learned there's a lot of people who don't like me.
It's like my little brother said today: 'Brandon, your comment section on some of those other videos are brutal.
' He said, 'I don't know how you deal with that.
' I said, 'I don't look at it.
' I get the emails and Diana reads them, but I don't look at the comment section.
Braden takes care of it.
I can't allow all the hate to enter into me.
People hate you.
'Butterbean, fat boy.
' All the things people say to me.
Braden said, 'Dad, they're being mean about your weight.
' You know what?
I know I have issues with eating.
I love ice cream, but I'm doing better and I'm getting delivered from it one day at a time.
I don't come to your house and ask if you drink alcohol because I don't touch alcohol.
I used to eat ice cream, but I don't anymore.
I've done great.
No more ice cream for Brandon Biggs.
It's all in the trash can.
I won't even let Paisley buy it.
No more, Paisley.
She goes, "Daddy, I say no more.
You're healthy with me.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for the body.
We lift up this time before you, God.
And we thank you if there's anything you want to show us.
Father, we say uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we plead the blood of Jesus over this time of prayer.
We lift up the body.
We thank you, Father, that you did it all.
You became sickness.
You became disease.
You became poverty all for us.
And we give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise for all that you've done and all that you've provided.
Thank you, Father, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And whatever they have in their body tonight, if whatever it is from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, I thank you, Lord, that they're healed.
I call them well.
I call them delivered.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory and all the honor and all the praise for it in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
And amen.
Father, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us.
We apply the blood over my house.
We apply the blood over our finances.
We apply the blood over our marriages.
We apply the blood and we make much of the blood.
And the thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, for your angels that watch over us.
And Father, they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And I take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I see what I need to see.
If there's anything you want me to see tonight, if not, we'll go on our way.
We're not here to perform.
We're confidently trusting in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
And we thank you, Lord, for our president.
We thank you, Lord, for all the things that he is standing for to help us as a nation.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, the clarity act passes and things happen and the foundation for crypto is being laid and great and mighty works will you do through us.
We believe, Father, in the name of Jesus, that this is just the beginning, Father, that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
We believe, Father, in the name of Jesus, whatever we put our hands to will prosper.
We thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, for all things are possible to him who believes in Jesus' mighty name.
We take the blood.
Oh, we already took what?
I'm still in communion.
You can tell I'm tired in Jesus' name.
I took water just to drink it.
Forgive me, Lord.
Like I said, I'm a little tired tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We yield to you, Lord.
We yield to you, Father.
I sing praises to your name.
Oh Lord, praises to your name.
Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
For your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Praises to your name, oh Lord.
We're so grateful.
We're so thankful.
We're so blessed.
Thank you, Father, that you provide.
You take care of us.
Thank you, Lord, that you always know everything we need before we have need of it.
We apply the blood of Jesus over all of us tonight.
Every single person that's represented here, Father, whatever need they have, we thank you, Lord, that you're meeting those needs.
We thank you, Father.
And Father, they're coming out of the bottom of the pit.
They're coming out of the bottom of the barrel and the barrel is on top of them.
I thank you, Father, that you're turning their circumstances around on a dime.
Thank you, Father.
Father, you've been so good to every single one of us and you said you never seen the righteous forsaken or your seed begging bread.
We're so grateful, Father, that the economy will turn around.
We thank you, Lord, that we have that window that you said we'd have.
Father, we believe we receive.
You said, "Contend for it.
Contend for it.
" We contend for the blessing.
We contend for the overflow.
We contend for the abundant supply.
We thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus for your divine protection over every single one of us.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for President Trump tonight.
I lift him up before you, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that he is blessed in the city.
He's blessed in the field coming in and going out.
That Father, there's a hedge around and about President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, that everything he does he is led by the Spirit of God.
That Father, he'll take no counsel from the ungodly concerning this around our nation, concerning the terrorist cells, that he'll know exactly homeland security, FBI, the CIA or whoever.
Father, I thank you, local law enforcement, sheriff's department.
We thank you, Lord, right now for that supernatural hand around and about them, that they will hear your voice concerning the evildoers, that they will be brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We call those evildoers exposed.
We call those evildoers brought out in the name of Jesus of the dark places they've been hiding.
That there's no cave they can hide.
There's no rock they can hide under.
The blood of Jesus covers them, covers our law enforcement and brings them out.
It can cover them, too.
It'll make that devil inside of them go out of them.
Wouldn't that be neat?
I believe that they could get delivered from being crazy.
There is no devil too big for the blood of Jesus to deliver somebody from.
I believe Lord that Father your hand of protection is on our nation.
No matter what parade next week for the St.
Patrick's Day parade and the get-togethers, Father, at Easter coming, that every church that is represented here tonight, Father, is protected, even the ones that are not.
We call every plan, every plot, every pursuit of demonic attack against our churches to be brought to naught in the name of Jesus.
Expose every single one of them.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels that are protecting our law enforcement, protecting our nation with the secret service.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that a house divided against itself will not stand and we will not be divided against ourselves, that Father, we have a nation that's one nation unto God, Father, that we have that nation that is like welded steel, that Father, where there's strife and confusion, every evil work that in our homeland security and these departments, there will be no strife.
We call peace that passes all understanding over this nation.
We call peace over the president and his council and the people that are there that are telling him what to do concerning Iran.
And I thank you, Lord, that there's no strife in there.
Father, he'll finish what he set out to do to liberate the people of Iran.
And it will not be a grand invasion.
Yeah, I see that this rich in uranium, the enrichment there is a place, it's right toward the center of Iran, there is a factory that is underground for enrichment of this substance.
" Do I say anything else?
Y'all pray.
We call an expel.
I see these people.
I call all our special ops troops, our Navy Seals.
If we have any kind of special op like green berets, whoever these men are, I know I call them protected in the name of Jesus.
Any ground, any kind of infiltration of the enemy's camp, we call in the name of Jesus protection over every single one of them, Father, over Israel's side and ours.
I see Great Britain right now get involved.
I see Great Britain getting ready to get involved.
But it's not very many compared to our amount.
I see three.
I see a bunch.
Israel, America, like brothers versus three.
We thank you, Lord, for those men.
I don't know how much you want me to say, Father, but we protect them.
We protect those men.
I protect those men right now with the blood of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over those people right now.
We believe for divine protection over our men that are serving this nation, over our battleships, over our aircraft carriers, over drones.
We call them down out of the sky.
We call exposing of where they're coming out over our nation, over our military, over Israel, Father.
We pray over their buildings.
We pray over their innocent civilians.
Every single innocent civilian that is represented, Father, that their life's in danger.
We pray over them in the name of Jesus, over the Jewish community, over the people of Tel Aviv, over Jerusalem and the uttermost parts.
We apply the blood over those people, the children.
We cover the children in the blood.
I am seeing right now crowds gathered concerning a run.
It's like a marathon.
I see these numbers on their chest.
They have numbers.
I see them in outfits to run.
This is up northeast.
There's a running.
There's a marathon.
And there's a man with a beard.
There's a man that has olive skin.
He has a black beard.
There's three of them all together.
I see this guy.
He has curly looking hair that looks like a wet perm on a woman's hair.
This man has big curls that are wet-looking, like gel in his hair and he's Middle Eastern too.
He has no beard.
He is standing with the man with the beard with the black hair.
They're both olive skin.
There's a girl there.
She has a black ponytail and she has a tracksuit on.
She's talking to the men.
She has the same kind of dark hair with olive skin.
Okay.
So, the man with the beard is standing here, the guy with the curly hair is stretching his knees.
You know how you get ready to run and he's stretching his knees?
He's stretching his legs, his hamstrings, he's stretching his body.
And she's standing on this side talking to these two men.
I thank you, Father.
I'm hearing Boston.
You hear me?
Boston.
I hear the word.
I'm hearing about Boston.
Okay.
I don't know if I should bother.
I was waiting for him to give me the rest of the vision and I just saw it.
Okay.
Trash cans.
I see trash cans.
I see detonators.
I see remote detonators.
Some of them look like they're attached to a cell phone.
This is more Guestara.
I hear many will die.
This is made with plastic.
This is made with a 3D printed machine.
This device is made with a 3D printed machine.
It looks like a Coca-Cola, like a fake label on a Coca-Cola bottle.
You know, like those cans like a Coca-Cola bottle can.
It's made in a device like that big to look like it's in a track.
It's a Coca-Cola bottle.
It looks like a bottle of Sprite, a can of Sprite.
But it's a very sophisticated thing.
It's what's inside.
It's what's inside of it.
Why are these people so crazy, Lord, when I'm seeing all this?
It's like they've never seen people hate humans so much.
Okay.
Praying over all the art festivals.
Art festivals where people go and look at art.
Art in the spring.
Food vendors, and I see art festivals.
I see the makeshift booths where you go in there and you look at what they've done and their artwork and they got statues.
I see this as a target for shootings.
I see a strict target.
I see art festivals in the United States of America.
It's in the springtime, trying to stir up radical Islamic behavior for lone wolves, wanting the lone wolves to act out first before this strategic plan.
They want to activate lone wolves to act out first to be a distraction for the main event by trying to solicit them.
These are people that are sympathizers.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Sympathizers.
The Lord said similar to what happened in Austin.
It's not the main thing.
This is them trying to get people that they see as expendable to help us.
The thing I see at this marathon is part of the main thing.
This is sophisticated technology.
This is a sophisticated explosive device.
It looks very James Bond.
It doesn't look to me like somebody made it in their garage.
This was well thought out like they're highly trained operatives.
What would be the size of a grenade?
Okay.
So, in this, I've went to Italy and I see an epicenter.
It goes red circles, red circles that look like a target with an epicenter in the middle around Vatican, around Rome.
I see a very, this is 8.
2, I see 8.
2 earthquake in Rome and it's an epicenter and it goes out like you would do a target on Rome.
It's around that area.
It's on this.
Okay.
Is it Rome in Italy on this side of it closest to the water going this way?
The epicenter is just outside of it.
Okay.
So, the main target, I see the circle around it and then it goes out.
So, we're praying over that because this is a major 8.
2 earthquake.
This won't be stopped.
You won't stop this.
This will not be stopped.
This goes with Matthew 24.
There's going to be all kinds of things happening like this.
And the Lord is saying to me when I'm praying into this, I can see it really clear.
He said, 'All you do right now is pray for the believer to be safe.
Pray for this to shake the nations.
I'm going to shake the nations.
I'm going to shake the foundation of the Catholic Church.
I'm gonna shake the nations.
And in this, I'm bringing the bride to my side.
I'm shaking the bride.
I'm shaking people awake.
I'm bringing the bride to my side.
Many, many people are asleep.
' I am going to shake all tribes and all tongues, every denomination.
When we say, "You are the bride, you are the charismatics," God says, "I am shaking the bride, I am shaking the church, and I am correcting doctrines that are off.
" You are going to see it.
Remember First Corinthians 5:5, I am bringing the bride to my side for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
In 2026, I am shaking my church.
I am cleaning up things that need to be clean.
I am exposing things that need to be exposed.
Fixing it is like peeling an onion; you get everything usable.
I see activated terrorist cells in Europe.
This is in England.
I see a man, he is dressed differently, wearing a long military-style coat, green in color, with a black scarf and a flannel shirt.
He has a bald head and is skinny with high cheekbones.
I see him looking right at me.
I am looking at him walking down the street.
I see the cars, he looked right at me, then he turned around and kept walking.
I saw this man, I could see his eyes clearly; I have never had a vision look like that before.
He is about 6'1", 180 to 200 pounds.
Praise the Lord.
Africa is highlighted before me.
I see a road from the Egypt area, they are going to transport things to the water.
There is a shipping yard there.
I see a military-style truck with a flatbed; they are delivering something.
It is a long drive.
In these things, I hear great distractions concerning midterms.
I see myself praying over the month of October.
I see the month of September, the Jewish festivals, Rosh Hashanah Rosh Hashanah, around this time frame.
I see September and October highlighted specifically because of the date.
Plans of destruction, plans of a storm on your nation, they have great plans.
Take this down in prayer.
I see a blueprint with white writing.
I see holy angels crushing these plans to create havoc and great distraction in your nation concerning your midterms.
China is involved in this.
China will interfere in the political process of the elections.
I see the Communist Party; they are having an interference with cyber, internet fiber optics, and codes.
There will be other elections around the world where they try to interfere.
I see interference from China concerning Australia's election.
I see China trying to influence Australia's freedom.
I do not know if it is this year, but I see an election coming and they will try to influence it.
Remember these things.
Thank you, Father.
Every hidden thing be revealed.
We thank you, Lord, for our troops on the ground and the people around our military bases.
You protect them, Father.
You protect our ships and the people.
You protect Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka, and Kai.
I thank you, Father.
You put a hedge around them.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels that watch over President Trump, Melania, Vice President JD Vance, and Marco Rubio.
We pray over Taiwan.
There is a covering over Taiwan.
I see people praying in Taiwan, giving more time to the people.
Pray, church of the Asian community.
I see, Father, we thank you, Lord for South Korea, Taiwan, China, the Philippines, and North Korea.
We call for liberation and a great move of God in Japan.
I see a great shaking taking place in Japan.
I am seeing a river with a light shining on it.
I see bridges that look like old brick structures with indentations for boats.
The water is clear, flat, with moonlight on it.
The bridge is the target.
Is this a metaphor?
We thank you, Lord, that the leaders who need to be removed will be removed.
The church, the remnant, will rise up for the greatest revival.
Nothing will hinder or harm it.
Thank you, Lord, that we will see great fruit.
I sing praises to your name, O Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
We thank you, Lord, that you are bringing a shaking to the cartel.
You are bringing a shaking, Father, to the trafficking so that it stops.
We thank you Lord that trafficking stops.
I see that leader being taken out again in the cartel sign.
I see it in Mexico.
It's toward the Gulf area.
I see this incident toward the golf down closer to the middle and it's over to the golf area.
I see this individual.
So, if you go golf and you and you go right here, right here toward the middle, right in here, there's something that happens right here.
It's like TNT, you know, when TNT on a cartoon goes like this.
I see this go out like this and it's in the area, but it's concerning somebody in the cartel.
The Lord is getting rid of and expelling these rats, these parasites, because of the way they treat these young girls.
I see young men with those white shirts, like those white t-shirts with the scoop neck.
I see gold chains.
I see their pants are hardly hanging on with belts.
You can see their draws, but they have bandanas on their heads.
They're tied like Tupac used to do in the front with the bandana and it's wrapped around in the front.
I see they have automatic guns like AK-47s in their hands.
They're around a truck and a tailgate of a truck.
They're in the back of this tailgate of the truck.
There's three men on each side of it.
They're hanging on the side as they're driving down the road in the back of a truck.
Every one of them have firearms in their hands.
The leader is in that truck.
And people say, "Brandon, you shouldn't say so much.
The cartel ain't watching this right now.
", that's what I heard the Lord say.
You want to pray for this?
I'm getting rid of these people.
I'm I'm getting rid of this.
They're parasites to these young girls.
They're trafficking these children.
They look like 15, 16, 17, 18 year old young girls.
They're Hispanic young girls.
I see it very clear.
Oh, it's terrible.
Look at that.
Father, you want show show He said, "Brandon, they're crying out for prayer.
They're crying out for freedom.
" I just heard what he said.
The Lord said, "Brandon," he said, "they are asking for help.
Those young girls, Brandon, are being forced to do this.
They're crying out for help.
" Brandon, when I said, "I don't want to see it.
" The Lord said, "I'm showing you because they asking for it.
" And these young girls are asking for help.
Oh, God.
Free them all.
Free them all, Jesus.
Set them all free, Father.
Find to get them help, Lord.
And it's the same thing that's happening in Europe.
I see him trafficking all over Europe.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing a great shaking even underneath the Vatican, underneath these dark caves, these dark rooms, these caverns.
I'm going to shake this place and I'm going to bring them to their knees for great corruption, great perversion will be exposed.
And I'm bringing a shaking and a liberating to these young people for their hearts, their words, they've cried out to me.
And I'm bringing justice.
The Lord said 2026 will be a time of divine justice.
This is part of 1 Corinthians 5:5 divine justice.
For what was done in secret will be brought to the surface openly.
Thank you Lord for your protection.
Thank you Lord for your hand.
Thank you, Lord, for your blood that covers the land, from California all the way to Cape Hatteras.
We thank you Lord from the Gulf, from Brownsville, Texas all the way to Fargo.
We thank you Lord for your hand of divine protection across this earth, from all around Europe to Mexico, to Asia.
Father, I thank you Lord these young people are having revival, that revival is beginning across this nation.
We thank you Lord in the name of Jesus.
We thank you father for bringing divine freedom for these young people.
We give you praise and glory for it.
Thank you, Father, for this nation.
God's not done with America.
There's going to be a great harvest of souls all around Canada, all around these areas.
And I have to ask you tonight, do you know my friend Jesus as a great revival is beginning?
And you'll see it soon.
I truly believe that it will come out of a great shaking.
But tonight, you're here and you're like, "Well, I don't even know why I'm here.
" But you feel that shaking on the inside of you that something's about to change.
And you know it's time for you to repent and come to Jesus.
You've procrastinated long enough, brothers and sisters.
You've waited and said, well, I'm going to go out and and have party scene.
I'm going to do all the things.
But no man or woman is promised tomorrow.
You could be here and this could be your last time to ever have the opportunity to repent and turn and come to Lord Jesus Christ.
I have to ask you tonight, do you know, my friend, out of all these things we've prayed about, out of all these things we've been interceding for, out of all the things I told you earlier about my personal life and how God's delivered me and set me free, I owe him everything.
He delivered me from demons.
He delivered me from from torment.
He delivered me from all kinds of terrible sad things.
And he put joy in my life.
He's given me peace.
He wants to do the same for you.
There's many of you here tonight that are bound by demonic spirits that are asking every day, God, do you care ?
I don't want to be bound, I got this addictions.
I've got all this stuff going on.
But I'm telling you, he came to set the captives free.
And tonight, you're not here by accident.
You're here by divine assignment.
I truly believe that God has his hand on you right where you are right now.
Do you feel him?
He's talking to your heart.
He's knocking on your door right now.
Even as we speak, he's knocking on your door.
Will you let him in?
Or will you be prideful and say, "I've got too much sin.
You won't want me.
" There's nothing too bad that you've done.
It's not great.
Jesus's blood covers it all.
He washes as far as the east is from the west.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
You are saved by grace through faith.
I want you right now to get real with God.
Stop running.
Run to God.
Stop running from him.
He loves you.
He's an everpresent help in a time of need.
He's always there.
He's waiting on you.
But right now, you have an opportunity.
What we're going to give you, we're going to pray with you.
And if you're saying, Brandon, that's me.
I've been running from God.
I've been running with all my heart.
I've been running and I feel like I'm running so far and I've ran into walls.
I've ran into all this pits and I've ran into despair.
And I'm sitting here in my couch.
I'm sitting in my car.
I'm sitting wherever you're at right now.
and you're just saying, "I just want somebody to pray with me.
Will you just pray for me?
" You've prayed for a lot of stuff, but but will you pray for me?
The greatest prayer I could ever lead, is for your salvation.
That's the first step, to the open the door to all the goodness and all the greatness that God has for you.
It's the moment you turn and repent and recognize that Jesus Christ died for you and he rose again on the third day.
You might be a person used to be on fire and used to go to youth group.
You were so excited to go to to the youth group and you got radical.
The youth pastor really helped you, but over the course of time you've drifted away.
You've become lukewarm.
You've become really stagnant in your faith.
You're into the party scene again.
You're into darkness that is really bad and you're saying, "I know it's wrong.
I know it's wrong, but tonight, Braden, I want to sell out.
I want to make a fresh, clean start.
I want to pray for you, but you have to get real with God.
You've got to get real with yourself.
You've got to want change.
There's no patty-cake Christianity right now, folks.
We are in the last of the last days.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door.
I'm telling you, he's getting ready to come.
You're running out of time.
As in the days of Noah, the Bible tells us, so will it be.
Noah knew the flood was coming.
He didn't know the day.
He knew the rain was getting ready to come, but God put him in that boat and he preserved him while the flood was going all around him.
God wants to preserve you.
He wants you to get on the boat today.
God, I need you.
I surrender all.
You don't realize how bad you need him until I guess you're in the mess you're in.
And you're going, "Man, I don't know what I'm going to do with my life.
" And now you have so much pride, you don't even think he's going to accept you.
But you can't sin enough for God's grace not to cover it and say, "Hey, I've given you a second chance.
I love you.
Come unto me.
" So tonight, I want to ask you the question: do you know my friend Jesus?
Do you know him?
And more importantly, does he know you?
It's not about knowing a lot about him from what we hear on the news or whatever you're watching.
It's about having an intimate relationship inside your heart.
So, I'm just going to say a simple prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I'm turning around.
I need a fresh start.
Brandon, will you please pray for me?
" Like I said, everything I've said here tonight, it's all for naught if you don't accept Jesus.
So say this with me.
Just say the simple prayer.
It's easy.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me.
I ask you to wash me and make me whole.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the world and what I was doing.
I turn my back on the devil.
I don't want any part of him.
And Jesus, as of today, I surrender all to you.
I surrender my life.
I surrender my heart.
I ask you to forgive me.
I make you my Lord and personal savior.
From this day forward, I'm all in.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life tonight, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, that if I was to die today, I'll be with you in Paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, for setting me free.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm delivered from all demonic bondage.
And from this day forward, any addiction that has bound me—from drugs to alcohol, to cigarettes, to pornography, to lustful things, or whatever—I believe that I'm free.
The Bible says, "Call those things that be not as though they were," and I'm free.
I'm free.
And for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that simple prayer—a five-year-old could say it—I believe you're born again.
Thank you for being here tonight.
We're excited.
We rejoice with you.
All 48 of you so far that have said this prayer, welcome to the family.
48 people so far have given their heart to Jesus Christ tonight and many, many more on all the other channels through the next couple of days off this one video.
We're so grateful that you're here tonight.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
I'd go to a non-denominational church.
That's where I'd go to church.
And you say, "Brandon, what do I do?
" Tell that pastor there, say, "Hey, listen.
I need to be water-baptized.
I like to get baptized.
" Get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every single day.
Get you a Bible.
If you don't have a Bible and you just got born again, my wife and I will buy you your first Bible for free.
We just want to celebrate your decision tonight to come to Jesus.
All you have to do is put your name and your address in the email down below.
Don't put it in the chat.
Don't do that.
Put it in the email down below.
Email us.
Put in there, "I got born again," and we will send you a Bible in the United States.
Put your address and everything.
We will not solicit you.
We will not try to bother you ever again.
We just want to get you a Bible.
If you want to maintain a true Christian life and become strong in the Word of the Lord, you must read your Bible every single day.
You must read your Bible every single day.
The Word must become priority in your life and it will change you from the inside out.
The more you read that Bible, the more you're able to resist temptation.
I heard my friend Billy Burke say one time, "The reason why people fall, Brandon, is they're empty.
" The reason why people stay in sin and they're looking at bad things on the internet, they're drinking, they're doing all these bad things that they shouldn't be doing, strung out, is because they're empty.
If you get filled up on the Word of God, your "full" will fight for you.
He always talks about that.
Your being full of the Word of God will fight for you.
You're able to submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
But you have to submit yourself to God first.
So you say, "Brandon, I've got addictions and all these things.
" Get full of the Word of God.
You'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
It's the truth of God's Word that will set you free.
The only way that the devil's ever afraid of you is by that Word coming out of your mouth.
It's a sword.
And the moment you get full of it, he knows.
You say, "Well, I'm dealing with all these temptations.
I'm dealing with all this stuff.
" That means your level of the Word is empty.
You're going too low.
You've got to get full of the Word of God.
And the more the Word of God is inside of you, the more it will change you from the inside out.
But if you're low on Word, the devil comes as a thief and he's going to kill, steal, and destroy everything you've got.
Remember that it's the Word that he's afraid of, not prayer.
The Bible didn't say that prayer is a sword.
It's the Word.
The only way you're ever going to get rid of the devil in your life and temptations and addictions—you'll know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
What's the truth?
The Word of God.
So, you've got to say that Word out of your mouth.
You got to believe it.
It's not just saying it once.
You've got to renew your mind on a day-to-day basis by that Word of God.
Get it down in your heart until it becomes so deep down inside of you, you can quote it front, back, sideways, whatever.
That's the only thing that's ever going to set you free.
I know a lot of people say, "Well, Brandon, I've been praying and the devil just won't leave me alone.
" It's not prayer that scares him away, folks.
The devil is not scared away by your prayer.
He's scared of the Word.
Why?
Because it's sharper than any two-edged sword.
And you cut him and he goes, "Ah, now that hurt.
I got to get out of here.
" Do you understand?
People try to pray the devil away all the time.
You're not going to pray him away.
It's the word-backed prayer.
It's a word-backed prayer.
'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you will ask what you will and it shall be done.
' But first you have to abide.
'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you.
' Where are His words?
The Bible.
'You will ask what you will.
' You're speaking that Word out of your mouth, a sharpening two-edged sword.
And it comes out of you like a tidal wave of glory.
Boom!
The devil goes, 'Ah!
' and he runs.
But if you don't have that, you go, 'I'm just praying, "This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine.
" Devil, leave me alone.
' He isn't going to listen to you; he isn't afraid of that.
He's looking at you, going, 'I know immediately by their thermostat where they are by the way they're praying.
' What they are saying represents how much Word is inside of you.
What are they saying out of their mouth?
The Word of God will change you from the inside out.
And if you aren't saying that Word out of your mouth, I don't care how much prayer you're doing.
You can pray all day long and he'll laugh at you.
'Ha ha!
You don't know who you are.
' Read Ephesians.
I'm seated with Him in the heavenlies.
I'm a joint-heir with Jesus Christ.
But it's the truth you know.
The truth you know will set you free, make you free, and keep you free.
'Well, I've got addictions.
I've got this.
' Find the Word.
'I can't get off marijuana.
I can't get off porn.
' No, yes you can.
You know the truth, and the truth will set you free, brother.
What's the truth?
The Word of God.
'Well, that's an old book.
' No, it's alive!
But you have to have the Word back in you to be able to submit yourself unto God.
'Resist the devil and he will flee.
' Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell you?
So there are so many people that keep going back to the same sin they want to be free from.
But it's your level of being full.
What are you full of?
General Hospital?
Jerry Springer?
I don't know if that even exists anymore.
What are you full of?
'Let your full fight for you.
' That's what my friend always told me: 'Brandon, let your full fight for you.
' You've got to put that Word down inside of you.
You have been battling addictions.
Why is he coming?
Because you're not full enough.
The devil's messing with you.
The Bible didn't say he wasn't going to mess with you.
Jesus was tempted, but what did he do immediately?
He didn't pray.
What did Jesus do to the devil when he came?
Does anybody know in the comment section?
Did Jesus say, 'I've got to have a 30-minute prayer session to the Father right now.
Oh, Father, we thank You that You get rid of this devil.
' He didn't pray him away, did he?
He spoke the Word.
And the moment he spoke the Word, the devil was like, 'Oh, he knows the truth.
He's Jesus.
There's something about that; I better leave him.
' 'If you be the Son of God, turn this stone into bread.
' 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
' Slap him in the face!
But he never prayed him away; he used the Word out of his mouth to get rid of him.
His full fought for him.
Jesus was full.
And the moment he spoke it out of his mouth, that's when the devil fled.
He came to tempt our Savior, and His full fought for him.
You understand?
So you have to let your full fight for you.
You cannot be empty in these last days and think you're going to submit yourself and resist.
You think you've got all these temptations, all these addictions—it's because you're empty.
Fill yourself up with the Word of God continually, and the truth you know will set you free.
Calling those things that be not as though they were.
I'm free from this addiction of nicotine, alcoholism, pornography, and whatever else you deal with—drugs, opioids, it doesn't matter.
All of it's underneath the blood.
All of it's underneath the authority of the believer.
And if you don't have that Word in your heart, I don't want to hear you complaining, saying, 'Well, Brandon, I've prayed.
' It's not about prayer alone; you must have the Word inside of you to remain free in these last days.
That concerns your finances, your health, and your mental well-being.
Second Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
I have a balanced mind because of the Word of God.
So that's why I tell you as a new believer, we give you these Bibles.
We've given out thousands of Bibles.
Thousands!
And we're so thankful for every single one of them that we've given out to all these people all over the United States.
It's been nuts.
And Diana said she thinks we'll start trying to do international.
I don't know, but they'll have to pay these tariffs and duty fees if they want it for free.
We have to buy the Bible and do that.
So how do we do that?
Because there's so many people wanting to get Bibles overseas, but I don't know how much it costs to get the Bible to them because there's so many people asking for it.
And once they get it, they might have to pay five, six, or ten dollars, whatever it is, to get it.
So we're trying to figure all that out.
But we love you and we're so thankful that you're here tonight.
All 48 of you who gave your heart to Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Stick around and pray with us.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
I don't know how many people are still here right now, but we had 8,000 earlier.
Probably like 6,700—so quite a few left.
We're so thankful that you're here, all 6,700 of you.
Thank you for being here tonight.
We love you.
I hope this blessed you tonight.
I know it went a little long, but I didn't want to go another day without making you all a video.
Please pray for me and my family.
We appreciate your prayers.
There's a lot of things you all don't know that are going on, and I'm so thankful for every single one of your prayers for my family, for my safety, for my kids' safety, and for my wife's safety.
The devil tries to rear his head up, but we know he's defeated.
We're not worried about our safety.
We keep the angels around us, but I'm a man and a protector.
I love my family and I'll protect them with all my heart.
So we're so thankful for every single one of you that have supported us and love on us.
Every one of you is such a blessing to us.
Until next time, I guess no more on the news.
I don't feel anything else.
We gave the altar call, a time of worship and praise.
Thank you all.
I hope you enjoyed your Wednesday service.
We're into Thursday now.
And so here we go again.
We'll be here tomorrow, I believe.
I've got to get filled up with the Word.
Because even with me, I get low.
And you've got to fill yourself up.
When you start feeling that, you go, 'I've got to go and eat the Word.
' So we're so thankful for every single one of you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.